chore(examples): update kubernetes devcontainer template with envbuilder provider (#14267)
coder/coder: examples/templates/devcontainer-kubernetes/README.md

**Container Image**: This template uses the [envbuilder image](https://github.com/coder/envbuilder) to build a Devcontainer from a `devcontainer.json`.

> **(Optional) Cache Registry**: Envbuilder can utilize a Docker registry as a cache to speed up workspace builds. The [envbuilder Terraform provider](https://github.com/coder/terraform-provider-envbuilder) will check the contents of the cache to determine if a prebuilt image exists. In the case of some missing layers in the registry (partial cache miss), Envbuilder can still pull previously built layers directly from the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**(Optional) Cache Registry**: Envbuilder can utilize a Docker registry as a cache to speed up workspace builds. The [envbuilder Terraform provider](https://github.com/coder/terraform-provider-envbuilder) will check the contents of the cache to determine if a prebuilt image exists. In the case of some missing layers in the registry (partial cache miss), Envbuilder can still utilize some of the build cache from the registry.
```
